bought for World War II or the potential
World War II first and foremost. Much
love to everybody. I hope nobody gets
hurt. Scary stuff. Um I am a trader and
I have to trade this scary stuff out
there. Much love to everybody. Uh
innocent souls are being lost and that's
not fun. So f that. Let's go at least
try to build our generational wealth
based off of this. Okay. So what I want
you to do here, actually, let's go ahead
and use Chrome. Let's use uh cloud and
chrome.
So cloud and chrome is sick and if
you're not using it, if you're still
stuck on openclaw, you should probably
try it. Okay, what I want you to do is I
want you to go through hip 3 and also
the the crypto or the per here in the
drop down of hyperlquid and I need you
to help me figure out
an approach to trading world war 3. So I
believe the straight of hormones is
blocked off and that makes it so oil is
more expensive. I'm not quite sure.
You'll have to do that research on
what's going on right now. What's the
current tensions in beef March 4th 2026?
What type of symbols would we trade to
capitalize on that etc. You have
hyperlid here and that's the venue I
would be trading on if we need exposure
to oil or gold or silver. They have that
in the HIP3 drop down. If I need
exposure to crypto, they got that as
well. Okay, I think we have enough
exposure here specifically just on
hyperlquid so I don't have to rebuild
any infrastructure. Okay, go ahead and
build that out. Thank you guys. Okay, so
this is Chrome
Claudin Chrome here
and she's going to be cooking for me at
the same time. I would like to cook as
well because I don't like to do do just
one thing. It just it's just who I am.
Okay. So, she's going to cook up
something there.
We'll see. She should be using the drop
down in order here. Let's make this
smaller.
Okay. She's up here and I'mma get I'mma
get busy over here. Bro, he gonna get
busy today. He going to get busy today.
He going to get busy every single day.
You locked in. He's locked. You know
he's locked. Let's get it. Let's get it.
Okay. She's taking a screenshot over
there. Do your thug fizzle. World War
II. Okay. What's happening right now?
Uh, your instinct is correct. And it's
even more serious than a rumor. Here's
the Actually, before I do that, before I
get into all that, let's go ahead and
get somebody else cooking for us as
well.
Okay. I want you to look into World War
II and the hyperlquid data layer. Here
you see all of our uh calls we have
here. And I I think the first thing you
need to do is explain the opportunity
for trading. This okay. Yeah, it's sad.
It's sad and people are going to get
hurt. That sucks.
Doesn't make me feel good. That being
said, I have to I have to be
professional and trade what is given to
me. And this is this is a layup cuz
everything is being um
forecasted. It's opportunity.
Opportunity is a trader. I got to
separate myself a human and a trader.
Okay. Separated. Boom. Let's get it.
Okay. So, I need you to go ahead and
give me your five best or three best
ideas. I want you to launch three AI
agents to all give me your top three
ideas of how to trade this uh this
pending war. you know, the straight of
hormones is closed, whatever. We have
HIP 3, which gives us access to CL data,
um, gold, we got obviously hyperlquid,
which you have access to. You have
access to all these calls. So, I want
you to go ahead and launch three agents
to look at these different API calls
that we have and then figure out how we
can go ahead and um, monetize this. God,
it's so bad. It's so I'm embarrassed.
I'm embarrassed, dude. I'm embarrassed.
I'm embarrassed. But it is what it is.
that you have to sometimes separate
yourself if you're a if you're actually
a professional dude.
All right, let's send this. Dude, I
think I just send this now. I just send
it.
Okay, let's go ahead and see what Shorty
says over here. Your instinct is correct
and it's even more serious than a rumor.
Here's the confirmed situation. Uh, as
of today, February 28th.
Bro, you're way off,
bro. Run it back.
You said it's February 28th today, dude.
It's March 4th. Things have changed
drastically. Run it back. Run it all the
way back. Do everything again. Jeez,
dude. Come on. Lock in. Okay. I was
trying to show her off. I was trying to
show you how sick she was, but she's not
that sick. Clearly allow.
Okay. Okay, your instinct is correct and
it's more serious than the rumor. Here's
the confirmed situation on February
28th.
Oh, as of today, my bad. My bad. I just
can't read. On February 28th, the US uh
and Israel launched Operation Epic Fury,
coordinate air strikes on Iran targeting
nuclear sites,
military facilities, and leadership.
Iran Supreme Leader Ali Kamilli
was killed. Iran retaliated with a
missile barges on Israel cities, US
bases in Qatar, UAE and Baharin Baharin
and activated Hezbollah in Lebanon. The
conflict has spread across the region.
The straight of Hormos is effectively
closed. On March 2nd, the IRGC
officially confirmed closure and
threatened any ship passing through. As
of today, March 4th. Yeah, my bad, dude.
She's so much more locked than I think
she is. Huh? I panicked. Okay. IRGC
claims complete control of this
straight. Tanker traffic has dropped to
near zero. Three tankers have been
struck. Three tankers been struck.
We got three AIs over here trying to
figure out how we can use our data
sources. We have the hyperlquid data.
Dude, let's get it. The guardian. I'll
allow you to do anything you want,
shorty. I got three AI agents over here
looking into our actual API that you
literally have access to. So I can go
ahead and trade this. Anything I have,
you have because I believe code's a
great equalizer. I believe if you learn
how to code, you can actually monetize
AI. Everybody else is just yapping. Lock
in. The conflict has spread across the
region. The straight of Hormos is
effectively closed. Tanker traffic has
dropped. Three tankers have been struck.
The hoist the hoies the hell he is all
this
asked before acting never asked me
again. Sorry, I don't know why it was
asking me that has also resumed attacks
on the Red Sea forcing rerouting uh
around Africa's Cape of Good Hope. This
disrupts 20% of global daily oil supply.
20% is a lot.
and significant LNG. Analysts are
calling for oil at 100 per barrel.
Yeah, but also check this out, dude.
Let's go ahead and have another one.
Let's go ahead and have another one
because I got more um words for her ass.
I got more words for you. So, I got I
got a different I want to say a
different set of agents up here. Okay.
So,
let's say C thing.
All right. So, the World War II trade,
we need to talk about this. I need you
to figure out how to um
essentially trade this. I have access to
Hyperlid, HIP3, all that stuff you can
see here. Now, I feel like oil has
already got its initial runup. So,
I want you to go ahead and think this
through on are we late? Are we early?
They're saying $100 a barrel. It's not
at 100.
Did we miss the oil trade? Are there
other opportunities here that are not
seen yet? Yesterday was a huge run up in
oil. So, I feel a little behind there.
Um,
but I I don't know. I don't trade oil.
Okay. And then also I need to push the
new build of quant app because there's
no app in there. Can you go ahead and um
create a new version of the .exe and the
DMG and uh remove the old version out of
the disc folder. Thank you.
This will be the newest version here. So
you just go ahead and name it
appropriately. Thank you guy.
Okay, sick. So, she'll get that cooking
and I'll put it in the chat later.
This isn't really my wheelhouse. What
the hell? Dude,
this is absolutely your wheelhouse
because you're in my GitHub with API
connection to Hyperlid. The [__] you
talking about? Not your wheelhouse, bro.
You know everything. Everything I want
to know. who you are and you know come
on lock in and I want you to do a full
analysis here looking at my APIs three
agents okay go
crazy she just said nah pretty much yeah
right you never say nah you're locked
you know everything
okay let's see through here
available instruments on hyperl so we
got oil okay it's at 73 a barrel
20x leverage
oil USDH. Okay, so oil oil obviously I
think this is the best oil contract here
is on XYZ
uh CL there is 35 million in volume
maybe.
Okay, but how does that play? Like look,
it's already moved. It's already moved.
Like we're way behind. That's what I'm
saying. They are targeting 100 a barrel.
I don't know if that's true or if that
will happen, right? That's those are
just regular traders like you and I that
are targeting 100 of barrel. Like what
does that mean? Nothing. Could hit 10
and barrel before the 100, you know? So,
we got gold. Okay, we got gold, oil, and
silver. So, let me go ahead and write
some notes here because for the war
trade,
I'm going just put a note sheet here.
War trade.
War trade on
trade on HL. So, we got gold. We got CL
USDC
through XYZ.
And there's another opportunity. The
only reason I'm doing this is because
there's another opportunity here with
XYZ. I think they'll eventually
have an airdrop. I don't know for sure.
So maybe we can look into that.
We got US CL USDC and we've got gold. Of
course,
USDC. And I would keep them all to XYZ
for me at least. You can do whatever you
want to do. I'm not a financial advisor.
All right, let's go here and see if we
can just say, okay, we got CL, we got
gold. What else? Nat Gas. Does that Does
that play into this at all? Nat Gas,
natural gas. Maybe not. CL gold, silver
and silver here. So, silver, USDC.
Okay. So, as this is what's going on in
the world right now, um I think this is
a good use of time. And on top of that,
I mentioned it briefly, but XYZ
first and biggest pers of stocks and
futures on Hyperlid.
There's been whispers, dude. There's
been whispers.
Can you do a little bit of research here
on Hyperliquids HIP3,
specifically the XYZ company that has
amass the most volume? I want you to go
ahead and launch two agents to do
research on this question. The question
is, are they going to have an airdrop?
What are the rumors with that? And
obviously, the way to qualify will be
through volume. So, the best way to
qualify on volume is to have a
profitable trading bot. obviously
because now you're getting paid and on
top of that you get the access to the
volume and you get retroactively
hit with um an airdrop if this is true.
Launch two agents to see if it's
actually true.
Come on. Lock in, bro. Come on. Come on,
dude. Come on. Show me what you got.
Show me what you got, dude. Make Flo
sound like me. Yeah, right.
Doesn't sound like me. Okay, lock in.
Boom. Boom.
Okay, back over here. Back to Claude and
Chrome. Where's she at? There she is.
That's not her. Geopolitical trading is
her. Where are you? How do you get to
you, girl?
Okay, here we go. So, we we have the
symbols that we can trade. Okay. USA 500
USDT.
M
USA 500 would be do they have US XYZ
100? Okay, I would just trade the XYZ
100. Okay, so let's go back here
and then XYZ
USDC. I believe this is pretty much
their index to the stock market.
XYZ tracks a modified market
capitalization weighted against uh the
100 index of the largest most actively
traded non-financial companies that are
listed on the US stock exchange serving
as a benchmark for large cap US
technology and growth stocks. So this is
oil. Okay, we got oil now.
We got gold.
We got silver
and we got um
you know like the ES whatever. So all
stocks
silver self-explanatory self-explanatory
these four symbols cooking cooking all
XYZ exposure.
Okay. So to me this is the way for this
exploration here.
All XYZ below to capitalize on the
airdrop.
So I like to do things that are double
wins. For example, you see me trading on
extended a lot lately, right? Well,
because I have bots that can trade
profitably and it's a double win,
right? I make profits off the bots and
then I also potentially get cash on the
back end if they have a airdrop. It's
not guaranteed and I don't act like it's
guaranteed. I don't care. I just put my
capital to work where they're going to
pay me the most. And if you're going to
give me a chance of having an airdrop,
you're paying me. You're paying me
market maker fees at the end of the day.
The trading thesis. The key is
counterintuitive. Oil is down today.
Negative3% despite the straight being
fully closed.
This is a classic buy the war, sell the
news dislocation. And that's something
to really dive deep into. I want to do
that now. So, can you go ahead and
launch two agents in order to look at
how the stock market trades based off of
wars? I've seen multiple times. I think
there's a graph out there that shows
that buying the war is actually the best
thing you can do because everybody's a
little [__] and gets scared and thinks
the stock market's going to [__]
fall, but they're really just hoes.
And I want you to just do some research
here and how has it been historically?
Launch two agents to do that research
and be sure and concise on your
response.
So, that's a very, very big thing. And
what did we do in the last 15 minutes?
What didn't we do? War trade bot.
What didn't we do, dude? Come on. Lock
in every day. Efficiency log. I love
this thing. War trade bot. Let's get it.
Let's get it. I love this efficiency log
because I'm going to be able to add a AI
here. Be like, yo, how can I lock in
more? Okay, so we got her cooking.
Let's go ahead and get through this
here. So, oil is down today despite
being the straight being fully closed.
This is the classic buy the war selling
news dislocation or it reflects market
confusion. Thin liquidity as insurance
for tankers was pulled on March 5th. The
thesis is that this is a buy the
opportunity in oil before the real
supply shock hits. protection and
identity
insurance was pulled effective March 5th
tomorrow. Okay. Meaning the economic
blockade becomes fully formalized and
zero tankers can legally transit. Wow.
Iraq's Rolia field is shutting down.
Storage in the Persian Gulf is filling
up.
The physical oil market is about to
seize.
Really? Analysts at Barclays and Goldman
Sachs are all calling for $100 a barrel.
This is not a three-day event. The
straight closure is military and
geopolitical.
It doesn't resolve quickly. Interesting.
You mentioned that this doesn't resolve
quickly. What's your timeline here? How
quickly will it resolve? You said not
quickly, but how quickly?
Okay, I'm not going to read through all
this. TLDDR CLU USDC
the anchor trade seal USDC highest
conviction current price is 73
still under price for the homo's closure
with deescalation risk. Here's why.
Insurance is pulled tomorrow, March 5th.
Rumoleia is shutting down the US Navy
escort plan could take weeks to
operationalize.
And Trump just rejected the back
channel. The $73 price implies the
market thinks this gets resolved in
days. But with Israel launching now
strikes on Tran today, that's being
priced incorrectly.
Goldman raised to 76. Real analysts say
100. You are buying at 73 with 100 as
the blowout target.
Nah, bro. Analysts. What are analysts
though? Analysts are you and I. We're
analysts. So that's the thing. It's like
listening to analysts is like listening
to your friend. Target one 82 to 84.
Target two. Okay. So stop 65. Yeah.
Okay. Can you hold Can you hold oil from
73 to 65? I doubt it. Leverage 5 to 7,
not full port. Okay. You could do it on
Hyperlid though. You could do it on
Hyperlid. I'm just talking about I'm
talking about oil futures. For real. For
real. You get smoked. You can't handle
that. Can't handle that one, buddy. I
can at least. I definitely can't. Trump
Navy escort announcement implementation
versus Iran striking another tanker. Two
would be long gold. USDC very high
conviction.
It dipped slightly. The US is now 4 days
into a major Middle East war. The global
oil supply is disrupted. Inflation is
being reimpported into Western
economies. And the Fed's rate path just
got a lot more complicated. Germany's
fuel prices are up 20% in days. European
gas up 60% to before today's partial
rout. This is stagflation setup.
The absolute best environment for gold.
Additionally, gold benefits from USD
strength.
Okay, so
interesting.
Secondary high conviction short EWY.
Don't know what that is.
Short US500.
Just like every game in trading, it's
like you can make a plan for both sides.
Long plat plat. I'm about to short my
plat plat. Actually, I don't need that
trash. Trash. Plat is a war medal and
precious metal.
It's up 3% today.
Interesting.
The critical new risk. What changed from
February 28th? On February 28th, the
question was, will this be big? Now you
know it is big. The question that
defines everything now is Donald Trump
take the off-ramp. The Iran back channel
happened. Trump said no publicly, but
he's a dealmaker. Omen is actively medi
mediating. His true social post about
free flow of energy shows he cares about
oil prices. If he quietly accepts a face
saving ceasefire next week, oil goes
back to 65 to 68 immediately. And you
need to be out of your longs.
This is the stop-loss scenario. The
signal to watch here on hyperlquid
in real time. If CLUSDC crude breaks
down below $68 on significant volume,
something diplomatic is happening and
you exit everything. If crude holds
above 70 and pushes towards 82, the war
continues and your book is working.
So interesting. The conviction table is
five out of five on both gold and oil. I
thought those kind of moved inversely.
So, you're just sending me slop or what?
The single most important thing that you
weren't told in the last analysis is the
regime on March 4th is not will oil go
up. It's will this resolve in days or
weeks. If weeks, oil to 100, gold to
6,000. Maybe they don't move inversely.
BTC 85K. If days, everything reverses
hard. size accordingly. Keep stops
tight. Interesting. So, this is pretty
interesting here, dude. So, you're
saying that gold and oil are both going
to move up together along with BTC
if the the um things keep closed, war
stays on essentially.
So, this is Chrome Claude.
I like her. Fair point. Let me be
precise and scenario-based instead of
vague. Okay, here's what the actual data
said. The resolution timeline, what the
data says on March 4th, Goldman Sachs,
head of oil research and said explicitly
that stock market is pricing
approximately four weeks of disruption.
That's the consensus baseline. The
market has already discounted into
current prices. Fortune's headline, why
the stock market thinks the Iran war
will last four weeks. Trump himself has
given three different signals in four
days, which is telling. On day two,
March 1st, he said four weeks or less.
By day four, which was yesterday, it
became could last 5 weeks. Today, he's
saying the US has the capability to go
far longer. He is escalating his own
timeline language with each passing day.
Interesting. So, that's a note. So,
Trump is
Trump went from 4 day
uh time uh four week
ending timeline to now pushing it
to five
and and we know he's a demon, dude. And
we know he is a demon.
Or for those that play Mario, he's
Bowser. We know Trump is Bowser and he
wants to collect all the coins. That's
it. Trump is Bowser and he wants to take
all of your coins. So remember that.
We have the capability of going longer.
Interesting. That's not a man sprinting
toward an off-ramp. Iran made a secret
back channel approach on roughly day one
or two, but Trump rejected it publicly
today. Israel launched another broad
wave of strikes on tan this morning.
Damn, the war is intensifying.
I want you to go through Twitter and
start searching these war topics to see
if there's any new news within the last
hour. So, it's 9:30. It's 8:39 Eastern
time right now. I want you to collect
all the news by scrolling through my
Twitter and searching through these
topics in order to see any no new news
that might not have hit the uh websites
yet. The websites, you nerd.
Oh my god, he's so cooked. Let's get it,
bro.
Here's the single most important thing
that most people are missing. Kamalia is
dead.
There is no functioning Iranian
government with the authority to
negotiate and enforce a ceasefire
agreement. Iran's minister Ministry of
Intelligence reached out to the CI CIA.
But who has the political legitimacy to
actually sign off a deal? Who controls
the IRGC? That devel leadership vacuum
alone adds weeks of uncertainty before
any binding agreements is even possible.
You can't have a ceasefire if the other
side doesn't have a coherent chain of
command.
PNI
ceasefire scenario. Okay. Bottom line of
timeline. The honest answer is most
likely 3 to 6 weeks from today before
any meaningful resolution. That means
roughly mid-Marchch to midappril. Okay.
So let's go ahead here and say say this.
All right. Based off our analysis, we
think this war is going to go for 3 to
six more weeks from today. The World War
II thing that's going on with the
Harmones closed, the ships being closed,
the oil war that's going on here on
March 4th, 2026. Anyways, what is the
best exposure we can get to this? Okay,
so with the gold stuff, um,
a couple weeks ago, we had those 10
sigma moves. In retrospect, the play was
an option because then you you have
limited downside. Futures is tough.
Futures is tough.
Okay. So, if the thesis here is oil to
100, are there oil options out there?
because that will be a better play for
most people as they get to limit their
downside. Right? If you trade the
futures market, you can lose unlimited.
So yeah, just go ahead and tell me short
and concise what the oil exposure via
options are and also the gold exposure.
Those two things. Thank you.
Okay, so she's searching Twitter for
some new things. 3 to six weeks,
mid-Marchch to midappril. So, we got to
be locked here, dude. We got to be
locked for the next whatever. But this
is the good part of this is the only No,
stop. There's nothing good about war.
First off, nothing good about war.
But I was going to say the only good
part of having this clown as our
president is he telegraphs everything.
He tells us straight up. He tells us and
most people are like too big into their
like how much they hate the guy and like
I don't like the guy either. But the one
great thing about him is he's a [__]
big head and he tells us exactly what's
going on. He tells us this is about to
happen. I'm not doing this or he like
telegraphs like he's telegraphing right
now that he's like okay at first it's
going to be four weeks but now it's
going to be five weeks and you know how
he is. So this that's the like that's
the greatest part of this president.
It's the only good part. The only good
part. Let's be real.
Y'all [__] is so cooked. I
can't believe you guys switched on us. I
can't believe you guys switched on us.
Half you tech bros out there were
hardcore non-Trump until he started
swinging money in your face. You guys
can be purchased. It's sad. Incelss,
dude. Incelss. If you always were a
Republican, I have nothing negative to
say about you. Nothing. I don't care
your your values or whatever, but if you
were a Democrat before and you got swung
by Trump, you got fleeced fleeced.
Fleeced. And I really don't I couldn't
care less. I got friends that are
hardcore Trumpies. I got friends that
are hardcore [__] Bernies. So, I just
think kind people are kind people. And
there's, you know, I don't I don't care
who you support. Support who you want to
support. Just don't switch up. That's
it. So, I'm talk I'm talking to the VCs.
I'm talking all the the SF VCs.
Honestly, I'm talking about those goons.
The ones that have the power in this
world that switched up in public and now
are pissed.
Oh god. Got to you got to stay true to
your values, dude.
The risk of being early on the short
side is much higher than the risk of
overstaying because the market is
already priced conservatively.
The market's base case is already baked
in. Any development that extends the
timeline beyond four weeks is pure
upside for your positions.
And that's the more probable outcome
given Trump's escalating language and
absence of a functional Iranian
government to negotiate with. That's a
very good point, dude. That will extend
the timeline. The fact that we smoked
the Iranian
president
inherently
extends this timeline.
So, we need to figure out we need to
figure out
how to
trade this
next month or so,
dude. What did I do? I'm [__] cooking
this war trade, bro. War trade. I told
you it's war time. I I called war time
in December. I said I'm locked, bro.
This is war. This is war. I'm not
[__]
This is me versus me. Let's get it.
Let's get it. Let's get it, baby. Come
on. This is wart time. I told you this.
I told you this before this whole war
started. I'm locked, bro. I could just
smell it. I can just smell when tensions
are hot, dude.
I can just smell it. It's locked in.
Good question. So, I said, "This is
pretty interesting, dude. You're saying
that gold and all things move up
together." And the honest answer is they
don't all move for the same reason. They
all move in lock step. Let me break this
down properly because the correlation
structure matters a lot for how you size
and sequence. Oil is the mechanical
play. This is the one everybody's
seeing. This isn't macro sentiment. It's
pure physical supply disruption. 20% of
the world's daily oil is stuck. Rumalia
is shutting down. Tankers can't move.
This is not a fear trade. It's an actual
barrel counting problem. Oil goes up as
long as the straight stays closed.
period. When the straight reopens, oil
falls hard and fast. Oil is the most
binary of the three. Highest upside
while the war continues. Sharpest
reversal on ceasefire.
Gold is similar direction but different
engine. So gold is not moving for the
same reason as oil. Gold is moving
because of what the oil causes
downstream. inflation fear, dollar
instability
concerns, stagflation,
investors who are terrified of what $100
oil does to the global economy. The key
difference is that gold doesn't
necessarily crash on a ceasefire the way
oil does. Why? Because even after a
ceasefire, the inflation that's already
been injected into the system, German
fuel prices up 20%. Damn. European up
60%. It just doesn't doesn't disappear
overnight, dude. BTC is the wild card
and the most nuance. BTC is one you have
to be careful about here.
All right. Well, that's interesting. So,
let's see. I I want you to go through
Twitter. Okay. So, here we go. She went
through Twitter here, and you saw her
working while I was cooking. So, all
right. Here's everything that's hitting
Twitter. This is the real time feed in
the last hour. stuff that hasn't been
fully made into the news yet. Twitter
intelligence brief. So, March 4th at
9:30 a.m. Eastern time,
dog. It's not even 9:30 a.m. yet. What
are you talking about? So, breaking Iran
has announced that it will only that
will only that it will only
I can't even read. It's too small, dude.
I can't I can't read it. I'm just
kidding. I can read it. Iran has
announced that it will only allow China
to pass through the straight of heroes.
Damn. As an expression of gratitude for
Beijing's supportive stance on tyran
during the war. This is the single most
marketmoving tweet on the feed right
now. If confirmed, this is enormous. It
means that the strait is not uniformally
closed. It's being weaponized as a
geopolitical tool. China gets through.
Everybody else, no way. Everyone else
doesn't. That's a completely different
dynamic than a blanket closure. Trading
implication. This is bullish oil for the
west.
This is bullish oil for the west. Less
supply to US,
Europe, Japan, Korea. But it also
introduces a new wild card. China is now
geopolitically advantaged by the war.
Watch EWY
continue lower. Watch for China related
plays. The story just got bigger and
more complex. Grock confirmed the
context. Russia and China held the joint
naval drills with Iran in the Gulf of
Omen in late February.
Bar Time security belt series.
China ships were noted. Okay. So, how
does this change things? So, China has
access.
China may have access to the hormos
which is now making this a
geopolitical thing. I don't know.
So, a ship is on fire. Damn. After being
targeted by the Iranian Navy, a new
tanker strike is happening right now.
Posted eight seconds ago.
Damn, dude. What is this? Um
or Mo Fire.
21 seconds ago, dude.
After being hit while making an
unsuccessful effort to cross the street
of Hermos illegally. They tried to go
and they got smoked. What you think,
dude? You think they were coping? Jesus.
Stock futures mostly flat as traders
monitor latest developments in US Iran
war levels. Gold up 1.4, Bitcoin up 4.5,
ETH up as well. So, somebody else said
markets are trading headline first right
now. The Iran war homo's risk premium is
the macro driver and everything else
rates data earnings is secondary.
Brent 82 to 83 confirms Brent is holding
in the 82 to 84 range not collapsing
despite the outreach rumors earlier. So
diplomacy and ceasefire sentiment
Twitter consensus is bearish on quick
resolution. Okay, so the consensus is
bearish and we know about the consensus
is bearish
and I don't like the consensus. So
everybody is feeling like it's never
going to end. So the things that I'm
saying are actually consensus right now
and that's why I'm trying to educate
myself as much as possible. You know my
process, dude. You lock in each and
every day and I'm only doing one of
three things every single day. Why?
Because I think systems will make me a
billionaire,
if not a trillionaire. If I have a
system that I can follow every single
day, and I have been following for the
last 5 years, I will have success that
nobody else will because I've put this
framework together. So, I know every
single day I get to pick one of the
three or all three. The process of
automating your trading starts with the
research of trading strategies.
Then you back test those strategies to
see if they actually work in the past.
If they do, they're not guaranteed to
work in the future, but they're much
more likely. That's the research, back
test, and incubate RBI system. I have
this on the road map that you have
access to. If you're in the Zoom, you
can go to moonab.com/roadmap
right now. And I'm going to go ahead and
make sure the API key is in there.
Again, for you late guys, for the ones
that were late, for the ones that were
late, if you were late, you're going to
have to have some patience to get the
key. Patience required where I live. I
move slow. Mñana mñana mano mñana. So,
you have the full road map. You've got
the keys. Now, if you ever show up late
again, you might not get them. I'm
sorry. Mundav.com/roadap.
Lock in, gang. There is no other thing
to do right now than be absolutely
locked.
So no, Iran has not announced any
interest in ceasefire or deal. Their top
security official stated on March 2nd
there will be no negotiations with the
US. Okay. Okay. The interim leadership
council is directing uh continued
strikes and resistance with officials
like Khalib vowing painful retaliation.
Damn.
10 minutes ago, Trump actually thought
Iran would accept a ceasefire after
launching two attacks under the white
flag of negotiations,
killing their religious religious
leader, making a proclam proclamation
that this is about regime change. They
said no. They said no, dude. They said
no.
No is no. But Trump, he doesn't know
what no means. That's the thing. That's
the thing. He's a bad human being. He
doesn't know what He doesn't know what
no means. And women have come out and
said that over and over again. But you
incelss keep hiring him to run our
company, which is our country.
Godamn. Y'all are cooked, bro. Cooked.
if you switched up. Hey, if you Hey, if
you've been a Republican this whole
time, no, no hard feelings. Much love to
you. I love you. I know you're a kind
person. I actually respect I respect
your outlook on life. I do. This is just
to the people just to the people that
switched up on us and now we're at World
War II and people are dying.
Why are people pricing a March
ceasefire? The feed is chasing rumors of
secret negotiations, but capital flows
show a completely different picture.
Too much focus on hormones and not
enough focus on the Iranian revolution
scenario for oil. This is a separate
thesis. Regime change in Iran could
actually be more disruptive for oil
long-term, not less. So, Russia Putin
angle. Okay, this is interesting because
we haven't talked about Russia yet. And
you know, those boys are locked. Us
Americans, we're not locked like they
locked in China and Russia. We got
locked in be before we all get smoked.
Putin liked Kama Kamahani in his own
way. So the guy that we smoked, Putin
liked. Smooth move, big head. Smooth
freaking move. Now we got beef with
Russia and China.
We got Anthropic snitching on China,
too.
Jesus, dude.
And thropping supposed to be the good
guys and they're cooked as well.
Snitching on China, saying no to the
Department of War. Okay, I I like that.
I like that. But like, damn.
Besides, Putin has all always had a much
better understanding with home
Netanyahu.
Russia long tried to sit on two chairs.
by the way,
Iran and Israel. But when forced to
choose, it's Israel.
Okay, so they had to choose between the
two. Obviously, Putin doesn't care about
what is happening in Iran. The violent
death of head of state has always been a
topic of obsession for Putin. Russia is
staying out. They're not coming in on
Iran's side. That reduces the tail risk.
Thank God. Thank God. Thank God.
War Monitor Washington Post citing
sources the US military is using
anthropic cloud AI tool in its
operations against Iran.
I predict Iran will win. Israel and the
United States needed a quick victory.
They failed. Now the long war begins.
The unfolding war between Iran and the
Israel United State alliance may already
have passed its most decisive moment.
This is notable because Mantry is a
respected defense journalist. His long
war begins framing
directly reinforces
extended timeline thesis. Okay, so choke
points are now more valuable than gold.
The most valuable real estate on the
planet. Dollar surged on Iran escalation
as investors rushed to safe haven and
amid oil and inflation fears. DXY which
is the dollar slipped.34%.
As NT reported Iranian intel signaled
openness to CIA talks. Gold and USD
competing for fear capital. Okay.
What Twitter is telling you that
websites aren't. Three things stand out.
All right. Go ahead and do another
Twitter update here for the last 15
minutes. See if there's anything else
good here. Search through it and we'll
see if there's anything new here that we
are missing.
Okay, let's just have her cooking while
we're cooking. Three things stand out
that are not fully in the mainstream
news cycle. China just got a carveout.
That's crazy.
If Iran China Hero's announcement is
confirmed, this is a major escalation of
the geopolitical complexity of this
situation. It becomes a USChina proxy
conflict over energy access, not just a
US Iran war. A ship is burning in the
straight right now. active kinetic
action, not deescalation. Smart money is
not pricing a March ceasefire. The
prediction arcs tweet about capital
flows contradicting the ceasefire
narrative is the key contrarian signal.
The Reuters and Bloomberg headlines
about Iran outreach caused a knee-jerk
risk on move, but sophisticated flow
data apparently tells a different story.
Your long thesis remains intact. I don't
have a thesis, dude. I'm trying to build
that freaking sea thesis with you. All
right, dude. I don't have a thesis here
first off. Okay, obviously it's for me
it's between oil, gold, and Bitcoin.
Those are my three symbols. Well, I got
the XYZ, which is the ES pretty pretty
much as well. Anyways,
don't have a thesis first off, but based
off of everything we just searched
today, what is the absolute best
approach to this war trade? I can build
trading bots. I can be long and short. I
can trade anything. I can automate
anything. I just need you to be short
and concise based off of what you and I
researched today. This is not financial
advice. This is simply a research
project as I am a quant researcher.
Thank you.
Okay. So, I'll send that to her when
she's done searching for the new Twit
Twits. All right, Twit Twits. Let's go
ahead and lock in. We got a lot over
here that we need to go through
quick summary. Okay, let's go see this.
See what the overview. All right, all
three agents are back. Here's a full
picture. Um, war trade,
your API has 55 endpoints. Okay, the API
that you guys have access to has 55 end
points to trade this. How do I get my
API key? You can show up on time. God
damn.
Lock in West Coast son. I hope you're on
the West Coast. I hope that's your
reason you're here late. Here's the full
picture in the top three trading
strategies based on layer. Okay. The
Arsenal. We have 55 endpoints and you
have them too. Mundave.com/doccks.
You've got liquidation data across four
exchanges. Yes. Zcores. Okay. Top three
trading strategies for geopolitical
escalation. The commodities licky.
Cascade play. Dethrown. But I got
dethroned by Wreck Guy. What the hell?
I've never seen that popup come up
before. [__] Your HIP3 data lets you
see the liquidations happening in real
time on leverage commodity per data that
nobody else has. This is interesting.
This is interesting. So we can see
liquidation data for oil.
Huge. We can
see lick data for oil and no one else
can. No one else in the entire world can
see liquidation data for oil except you
and I because you came to a $5 Zoom.
Holy hell. Holy hell. And I know I got
ops in the chat. Both sides. I don't
care. My ops are going to pay me too.
Five55. Yes. You remember that Domino's?
Me and two of my nigs because you can't
have more than five five5 deal, dude.
Yes. There was like six, 10 of us.
Different a whole team, dog. Let me get
on your 555 deal. Yes. You throw me
five, I'll go get my boy. He'll throw
five on it. I'll find another friend.
They'll throw five on it. We'll get the
555 deal from Domino's. Lock in, gang.
It's time to get some pizza and lock in.
How to pull it. So you go ahead and use
the API and you just say HIP3
liquidations. Watch for the short
liquidation cascades on gold NCL. This
is interesting
because everywhere else is they're not
able to see the liquidations. So we're
able to see when people are about to get
liquidated. Okay, let's go over here and
show an example. Okay, so HIP3. Okay, I
can see Euro Euro XYZ copper
CL down here. So it's a 2.6% move.
That's pretty far. Let's see if we can
just go CL itself. XL XYZ CL. Okay, so
this is oil liquidations here. You can't
see this on the futures market. I'm
sorry gang. We're more locked than they
are. I told you it's us versus Wall
Street. I'm going to do everything in my
power to take every single dollar from
one of those snarky mofos that say you
can't do this. I think you can do
anything, dude. If Jim Simons ran up a
net worth of $31 billion, you can't tell
me that you can't do that, too. What's
the difference between you and Jim
Simons?
Nothing. Nothing. He just spent more
time on us. The exact game that we're
playing today, that's the game he played
for 50 years. He ran up a net worth of
$31 billion. If you don't believe you
can do that, too, then leave
cuz I know you can.
It's not going to be easy.
This game is not easy,
but that's why it's fun.
Easy games are boring.
So, we can see all the HIPP3s. Perfect.
Get that. We can get the tick data for
HIPP3s as well. You're literally
watching leverage shorts on commodities
get squeezed before the price prints on
Trading View. Nobody else has the HIPP3
liquidation data except you and I, dude.
Oh, I'm hyped, dude. I'm hyped.
Just hyped, dude. Another chance at this
day. Every single day, it's another
Oh, I'm just hyped, bro. I love this,
dude. 777 to you. Thanks for locking in.
Much love to you. I believe in you.
Let's get it. Believe code is great
equalizer. I believe you learn how to
code. Nobody can stop you. HLP sentiment
fade and spar money confluence. Okay.
The retail panics in the direction.
Okay. I like the liquidation. I'm
already stuck on the liquidation stuff.
I'm already stuck on seeing everybody's
positions. If you came to the zoom
today, you get to see everybody's
positions.
The cross exchange liquidation Arby,
this is interesting as well. So during
geopolitical shocks, liquidation
cascades across exchanges in sequence,
not simultaneously. Binance liquidates
first, biggest, then buy bit, then OKX.
Okay.
How to trade it? Get all liquidation
stats. Moner buy exchange breakdown.
Okay. Get Binance liquidations 10
minutes. Get liquidations 10 minutes.
Okay. The edge. You're watching four
exchanges liquidation fees. Okay. But
not all four exchanges have the thing
out of this one. The idea that I have is
trade liquidation. See everybody's
positions on oil. Okay. Oil. And then
what is the other one? Gold. How do you
do gold? Is it just gold? Cash. XYZ.
Okay. Gold. I can see every where
everybody's getting liquidated at. These
are pretty far though. So, I think the
trade for me is wait till we get close.
So, build a bot.
Build a bot that waits till we get close
to the liquidation points on CL and
gold. But big trick here, caveat c I
don't know how to spell that. So I let's
say I um this is a different uh the
relativity the rel the distance here the
relativity of the distance is much
different than what I'm used to. Right?
If I go over to BTC or let's say crypto
you can see 1.2% is not far in crypto
but I think 1 1.2% in CL is massive.
I think it's massive. So for me here the
shorts are more attractive. It's 2.3%.
But it's still it's not it's not close
enough. I feel like with these big
symbols, you got to be closer.
2.3% is far. I think I think but we'll
have to keep going.
So every day I'm either researching, I'm
back testing or I'm implementing. I'm
incubating, dude. Every single day.
That's just what I'm going to do for the
next 10 years. So if you ever want to
hear from me, if you want to see me,
you're going to have to deal with all
the yap in between. But that's your
advantage. So all the people that say I
yap too much, that's your advantage.
lock in and don't don't yap back to me.
Don't put it on my comments. Don't say,
"Oh, you yap too much." yada yada. Lock
in. I give you everything I know and you
have an advantage on me.
You don't have to yap.
All right, Mundave. Here's the full
breakdown of all three agents. This is
the real data from your hyperlquid API.
So, okay, we have the price range is 59
to 74. Interesting. Okay, that's
actually interesting because
this price range
price range is 59 to 74. It looks like
I'm going to be doing something with
oil. I just don't know long or short and
I don't really care. I'm going to build
it in a way where it's just like built
off of I think positions and
liquidations. Again, this is live. I'm
just thinking this through out loud. I'm
not a financial advisor. I also am just
an analyst, just a trader, just a random
person. The analysts you guys are
listening to are regular people just
like you and I. And I just come up with
ideas and if they work, they work. If
not, I move on next day, next day, next
day. I got tomorrow and I got the next
day and I got the next 50 years. I can
be entirely wrong here. And I'll be
good. I'll be good because I am just
grateful to be here. I'm just grateful.
I'm just grateful to have another day to
work with this AI, dude.
So, whoever's calling 100 is way ahead
of the current price. Positioning 72%
short. Interesting. The market is
heavily betting against oil on HIPP3.
Interesting. Interesting. OI is small.
Liquidations 100% short. Liquidations
right now. Verdict on oil. You're not
too late. HIP3 traders are still 72%
short on CL. That's alpha.
I might not be too late.
How do you confirm this?
72% short on
oil on HIP3
is very telling.
So, first off, first off, how did you
get to that 72% short on Hyperlid? That
is alpha. Go ahead and tell me short and
concisely. That's alpha to me. If
everybody is still short oil,
I know it's not representative of the
entire market. I get that. I get that.
It's But it's what we got. It's what we
got. We're able to see positions on
hyperl.
So the hidden plays, this is what you
asked for. So net gas 63% short. Okay.
Um, zero liquidation 24 hours. Energy
commodity directly correlated to oil.
Oil sympathy.
Sympathy hasn't hit it yet. Copper. So,
copper contraan long setup 75% short.
Damn, a lot of people are shorting over
here. Maybe hedging platinum. Okay. XYZ
short is 60.8% long. Crowd is risk.
Tesla shorts getting destroyed. 96% of
shorts are short or of licks are short
side.
You didn't miss anything. Net gas is the
play that nobody's talking about. Energy
commodity heavily shorted. Zero
liquidation activity hasn't moved yet.
Gold has the biggest absolute short
exposure on the entire platform at $49
million and shorts haven't even been
touched.
If you're looking for the oil trade but
not oil, it's not gas and gold. The
commodity complex is short heavy across
the board and the squeeze is just
getting started on HIPP3. The 72% short
comes straight from your API's position
data. If you look at HIP3, all positions
returns top 50 and 50 longs for HIPP for
symbols. The agent steamed up dollar
size longs is this shorts. Okay, so we
can see it. Perfect. And then and then
tell me shortly and concisely why you
would prefer to trade NAT gas over oil
and how they move together. If you said
I'm not late on oil. Yeah, just explain
that a little more.
Came for the yacht, bro. Let's get it.
Thank you. Much love to you. 777 Felix,
let's get it. Jamie Jada,
thank you for sharing that. Flu Bear,
you guys feel free to share the keys
with anybody that comes into the chat.
I'm going to read the chat for sure.
I'm definitely going to read the chat
after I get through all this. Why Nad
Gas over oil right now? Nat Gas is the
untouched version of the same trade. Oil
already ran. You said it yourself. Big
run up yesterday. Nakas hasn't moved
yet. Zero liquidation 24 hours.
I was about to ask the question. She's
already answered, so I'm not going to do
that.
So, how they move together? Oil and net
gas are correlated through the energy
supply chain. Same producers, Exxon,
Chevron produce both. Interesting. Same
geopolitical drivers, Middle East
tensions, OPEC decisions, sanctions, and
same inflation narrative. When oil rips
on supply fears, NA gas tends to follow
because the market reprices the whole
energy complex.
They don't move one for one tick for
tick, but the directional the directions
rhyme. Interesting. So, NAT gas is
interesting. You can see I have no
thesis yet. So that gas is interesting
as it didn't move with oil and they
usually conte that the word contego
contigo with you. I wonder if that's
derived from that.
So, same. Okay. So, when oil rips, okay,
why you're not late on oil either? 72%
of HIPP3 traders are still short on CL.
If you were late, you'd see positioning
flip to majority long. That's when the
move is crowded and over. Instead, the
crowd is still
biting the move. Every tick higher
forces more short covers which pushes
price higher which forces more shorts to
cover. Nat gas is the cleaner version.
Same thesis. Okay. How do you find that
gas is my question
and then we got a new um
new set of
twitters here to look into.
So, I need to figure out how to find Nat
Gas.
Let's do the one hour here. And then Nat
Gas. NG gas. I love this game, dude. Now
we're NG traders. Nat Gas or whatever
it's called.
That's not it, bro.
Anybody know the N gas symbol? NG.
Maybe. I think it's just NG.
NG. There we go. Natural gas futures NY.
Okay, there we go. NG1.
Oh, it's down 3%.
Oh, Nack Gas getting cooked.
Okay, but what's it? Is this Nack Gas?
Yeah, Nack Gas futures. This is what the
NAC gas chart looks like. This looks
crazy.
What caused this?
How many billionaires were made off
that, dude?
So NG has not moved yet.
What the hell? Dude, is this real?
Am I tripping?
I think I'm tripping. I think I'm not
looking at the right thing.
War trade.
I feel like I can't be looking at the
right thing. Is that really not Goss?
It says it.
Am I tripping here or is that really Nat
Gas lagging this hard? And did we just
figure something out huge or Yeah, I'm
probably just tripping. Maybe I'm not
looking at the right thing.
Okay, sick. So, we got more over here.
So, let's see here. Okay, this is the I
like this idea because this is less
stressful,
you know, options.
Got the new version of Quant app here.
I'll go ahead and upload that real
quick.
I'm finally monetizing my add, dude. I
love this thing here. I just love it. I
just love having all of this here. It
finally allows us that have ADD or
whatever f you want to say I got, bro.
Finally lets us cook. Finally, dude.
Finally. Finally. Finally. Cuz now we
don't have to flip through tabs. I built
this for myself. Everything I build is
for myself. I believe code is a great
equalizer. So, I'll show you everything
along the way. But, you know that I'm
building for myself.
So, let's go ahead and get the new quant
app in there. Mundave app, excuse me. I
need to change the I I did change the
name, but you know, I need to speak of
it as the Mundav app.
All right, dude. So that is being
uploaded and you should have it in your
upload section w undub.comappd
download or whatever. Okay, so that's
all there. We set that up. Now let's
look into this options thing because for
me like okay uh I'm not going to tell
you what happened, but something big
happened, dude. Big
Never mind. I'm just not even going to
talk about it. Anyways, it was with gold
the other day and um yeah, it was fire,
but I could have played it differently.
So here's the concise breakdown. Mundev
oil option exposure thesis of oil to 100
or oil to 50. It doesn't matter. It can
go down or up. I don't care. I'm not I'm
not a financial adviser. So I'm not
don't if you're looking for me to tell
you which way to trade this, you're not
going to get that here because you can
literally look at the same data and come
to a different conclusion than I do. And
that's the whole fun of trading. By the
way, the new app is in the drive.
You have access to that. Okay. So, oil
options exposure here. So, USO options,
United States oil fund. Okay. So, USO
best vehicles
and then also also can you do the same
thing for NAC gas? What what would the
best options exposure be for NAC gas?
Okay. So you can see here USO options
exposure options
exposure.
This would be USO for oil
most liquid easy to access. Okay. CL
options on CME direct crude oil options
exposure more capital efficient but
requires futures approved account.
CL options. I want to see if I have
access to those.
CL options.
What a [__] retail noob, dude.
Oil
options.
US oil fund.
Okay, I think the US oil fund is the way
for me.
Um,
also I'm looking into Hyperlid. Of
course, that's where we started at. And
that's easy. Easy
because we already have the connections.
XLE options, energy sector, EATF
indirect. Okay. XLE. Interesting. The
play buy out the money 68 weeks on USO
or CL limited downside with premium
paid.
Upside if oil rips to 100. Gold options
exposure. Exposure. gold options here.
Okay. Uh the play same idea buy call 68
weeks out. You're right. Options over
futures for this thesis defined risk
asymmetric payoff. If the thesis is
wrong, you lose the premium and walk
away. With futures, you can get margin
called on a wick against you even if
you're ultimately right.
So for most people, USO and gold calls.
Let's look at those gold here. Gold
options here. How do you do those best
vehicles GLD options? Again, I'm just
pulling up Robin Hood for the easy way
of this. Um,
but if I get really convinced on this,
I'm just going to build a bot on
Hyperlick because we have that we have
that infrastructure already.
So, Spider Gold Trust.
They have options.
And when would the war be over? May
15th.
Okay, it looks like there are gold
options as well. Be careful with this
stuff, dude. Don't Don't trade Don't
trade options.
Gold options. Don't trade options.
You're just going to get pushed down to
the dailies eventually and then you're
going to get smoked. That's what it
sounds good right now. Limited risk on
options, but once you start playing that
game, you it's hard to get off of it.
So, just you've been warned. You're
going to like move your uh expiration up
to the weeklys and then get smoked. So,
best vehicles, United States natural
gas. Okay, so UNNG. Interesting.
UNNG here. United States Natural Gas.
So, I'm going to make a playlist here of
war trade and I'm going to add that to
it. I'm going to also add the GL options
here, gold spider. Okay, war trade. And
then I'm also going to add USO here,
United States oil to the war trade. So,
I've got three on Robin Hood. I'm just
watching these here to see if I can
build some sort of algorithm in my mind
and then we will um possibly build that.
We'll possibly build that. Nothing's
guaranteed of course. So, boil options
NNG. Okay. So, I don't know. Futures is
just you got to have some [__] for that.
And you can trade that if you'd like to
be locked in. Um if I'm going to trade
futures, I'm going to trade futures on
hyperlquid. That's it.
Warning on Nat Gas specifically. UNNG
suffers from severe contango decay over
time. The futures role kills you. For a
three to six week thesis, this is less
of an issue, but don't hold UNNG calls
for months. NG futures options don't
have this problem since you're on a
specific contract month. Interesting.
So, UNNG
would be uh Nat Gas.
So if the thesis is oil to 100 USO
calls,
you get CL opt uh CL direct or direct
exposure easy access. Okay, I see it.
Easy accesses USO calls or direct
exposure CL options.
All limited all limited downside with
asymmetric upside. Okay, let's get it,
dude. So we've we've got a good little
bit of research here. I got a little bit
more that I want to dive into so I can
be fully
fully aware of what's going on and then
I can, you know, you're a grown ass man.
I am too. I can make my own judgments
here, dude. After we get all of this
knowledge, I'm either researching, I'm
back testing, or I'm incubating. Let's
get it. HIP3 top volume player is
trade.xyz.
It dominates HIP3 with 90% of the
volume. Now, this sways me immediately
back to Hyperliquid
from options because options, you're
going to get smoked eventually.
Hyperlquid
on trade XYZ. This is something
interesting I want to look into. Roughly
22 billion out of the 25 billion in
total of HIP3 data or liquid uh volume.
They bring tradfi assets, equities,
commodities, indices on chain as 247 per
contracts. Their XYZ index NASDAQ 100
proxy alone has done 12.7 billion in
volume. Airrop verdict highly speculated
not confirmed.
Community strongly agrees but that
community is cooked. HIPP3 volume as
qualifying collateral speculated not
officially stated. Unclaimed hype tokens
reserve 428 million 38.8% of the city
and future emissions wallet. Poly market
odds are 52%.
Interesting. The profitable bot double
strategy. The thesis you described is
real and actively discussed in the
community. Run a profitable trading bot
in HIPP3 markets. Earn trading profits.
The volume generated may count for
future hype. Retroactive airdrop. HIP3
taker fees are currently 90% discounted.
Growth mode making bot strategies
cheaper. Trading through specific
frontends like Venuals and whatever can
earn their tokens triple form. No
guarantee. Hyperlid could
apply cy features or volume quality
score. Wash trade like behavior. Don't
wash trade. Season one rewarded genuine
users. yada yada. The strategy of
running a profitable ball on HIP3 is the
strongest version of this bet. You earn
regardless of whether an airdrop
materializes and your position favorably
if it does.
The 428 million unclaimed hype tokens
make a future distribution highly
likely, but the exact criteria are
unknown.
Okay, so I just want to go through this
last one and I think we've done our
research, dude. Here's the verdict.
You're 100% right. Buy the war works 75%
of the time. The numbers don't lie. So
Pearl Harbor, the drop is 6.3% one month
recovery, 20% return. Korean War, the
12.9% drop. Recovery was in two months
by the war. Cuban missile cris crisis
negative 1.85 before crisis ended
positive. G golf war 1990 15% drop 10%
over the 12-month return. 911 negative
11% drop one month recovery.
Iraq war negative 5.3% 16-day recovery.
Russian Ukraine closed green on the drop
further decline mixed rates. Israel and
Hamas barely dipped plus 30 36% after
that. The pattern average draw down
across 25 geopolitical events only
negative 4.6% bottom hit in 19 days full
recovery in 40 days. S&P positive 12
months later in 73% of the conflicts. So
this might have just busted the entire
thing. Dude, if oil is going up because
of the war
and wars always end up being or not
always, 743% of the time always end up
being good for the economy which is
effed up. I mean or the stock market at
least. It is what it is.
Then the oil trade is not there. Maybe
for a short time. Maybe for a short
time. Not for a long time though. And
was that short time has it already
happened? That's the biggest question in
my mind. That's what's keeping me on the
sidelines right now and me researching
because this point here of buying the
war in equities is 74% of the time,
right? The only two times it didn't work
was 911 and the Russian Ukraine war. But
in both these cases, the war wasn't the
problem. The dotcom bust and the Fed
rate hikes were okay. Why it works?
Market selloff uncertainty before before
the buildup. Once bombs actually drop,
the uncertainty resolves and money flows
back in. Everyone panics, sells, and the
people with balls, they buy.
The scared money literally hands the
smart money a discount. So, how does
this apply to the oil trade? Everybody's
panicking over the the straight of
hormones being closed and oil went crazy
this weekend. I mean,
the stock market's already kind of
rebounding, but we'll see. Go ahead and
look back to see this weekend. Man, I
mean, low key, this tells me that
people panicked,
but the hormones is closed. That's the
thing that keeps me a little interested
in the oil trade. Like oil going up.
That's the only thing. But other than
that, it's like war trades are by
everybody's bitchiness. Like they're
scared. Okay, let me get that cash. Let
me get that cash, boy. That's what I
That's what I'm reading from what you
said. But the hormone actually being
closed and 20% of the supply actually
being locked up is big. That being said,
another thing that I don't know the
answer on is if they allow China through
the hormone,
how does that affect the 20%
of oil being locked up? Is that actually
true now or is it much lower? We just
found that information that China is
allowed to go through it. And you might
not know that, but how does that change
that 20% being locked up? Does it go
down to 10? Does it go down to five? Did
we miss this oil trade already? I mean,
it had its runup. People are saying 100,
but people don't know anything.
Anyways, be sure and concise with this
one. Okay, there's one more piece of
evidence I need to look into. We want to
go ahead and see what she did over here.
Remember, we've got clawed desktop
going. And people ask me, yo, open claw,
open claw, open claw. Dude, you see me
cooking over here. I'm not using open
claw.
This is all quad in Chrome because we do
all of our work in Chrome, dude.
We do all of our work in Chrome. So,
here are some new tweets from just now.
So, the full 15-minute sweep here. Uh,
Poly Market says there's a 35% seize
chance by March 31st. Interesting.
That's actually alpha. That's alpha.
Uh, war trade, dude. War trade cooking.
I got a point for that. Nice. So, poly
market prediction. Wait, hold up.
So, you know how we get a plus one point
for putting in our
what we did in the last 15 minutes for
the efficiency log? Well, since that
starts at a new time, you know, I got my
one point. It popped up, but then I
still had zero points in the top right.
But since it starts at the new 15
minutes, if you do that, then you should
get an automatic point to start the
first 15 minutes, right? You can see my
timer is barely off the 15 minutes
because I just put in what I did for the
efficiency log and I didn't get my um
point.
So, I I'm building this point system
here so I can uh just
make sure I'm cooking all day. And I
like I understand my biggest
vulnerability here is yapping, but
literally if I didn't yap, then nobody
would be here. It would just be a quiet
stream. Literally, if I didn't yap, none
of you guys would be here. So, thank
you. Thank you for coming for the yap.
So poly market predictions show 35%
chance of ceasefire
but they improve by to 69% by June 30th.
Well that's a long time. Oil might not
be done yet. This is the single most
important data point. Poly market is
real money putting 65% probability that
this war is still going on at the end of
March.
Okay, that's alpha actually. So
go ahead and put that up here.
That's interesting. Poly market is
usually right. So let's see here.
Ceasefire doesn't start uh doesn't get
to 50/50 until sometime in June that
directly validates the extended timeline
thesis. The crowd betting real dollars
say this runs at a minimum weeks, most
likely months. Your longs in oil and
gold and silver are positioned correctly
against this backdrop. Also from poly
market
57% chance that
Kamali's son becomes the next supreme
leader. Interesting. That leadership
question is a key bottleneck in any
ceasefire.
Nobody can negotiate until it's settled.
Ah, interesting. So keep an eye on that.
keep an eye an eye on who becomes the
next what do they call it supreme leader
supreme leader in in Iran Iran because
nothing can be solved until that is
solved. So that's the first step and
somebody's about to get liquidated for
$14 million here if price goes up
anymore on BTC. So, good luck to them.
Second ship burning in the straight
right now. So, another ship is burning.
Damn. Container moving east. It's a
container ship, not a oil tanker,
meaning Iran is now hitting commercial
cargo. Somebody's Amazon packages are
lost. I'm sorry. Iranian drone hit the
US consulate in Dubai. So, a drone
attack on Dubai's US consulate sparked a
fire as the war on Iran enters its fifth
day. Iranian drone hits US consulate in
Dubai. Fire contained. Message sent.
This is major and not widely covered on
websites yet. Iran just struck a US
diplomatic
facility in the UAE. One of the Gulf
states hosting US military.
Russia officially diverting 9.5
million barrels to India. Damn. Russia
is ready to divert oil to India to
offset Middle East supply disruptions.
with about 9.5 million barrels of
Russian crude in vessels near Indian
waters and able to arrive within weeks.
An industry source with direct knowledge
told rooters
routers rooers
this significantly takes edge off
extreme spike scenarios for Asian
economies but it does not help Western
buyers. Europe and US still have no
alternative supply. So oil stays
elevated for the west but the global
contagion
risk for Asian economies like Korea and
Japan gets slightly moderated.
Interesting. Iranian missile
intercepted.
USD is competing with gold for fear
capital gas producers moving to fill
European gap. Interesting. Pennsylvania
natural gas producers may help ease the
impact of the war on the LNG exports.
BTC gold safe haven big picture framing
from Twitter right now. When the dust
settles in Iran, watch the oil situation
closely.
That will not only dictate the next
move, but will also dictate China and
Russia's next move. Right now the globe
is a massive chessboard. It's Russia,
China verse west. The real pressure
point is a straight of hormones. It
disruption escalates 100 a barrel as
realistic. Oil drives inflation.
Inflation drives rates. Rates drive risk
markets. Bottom line. What's new in the
last 15 minutes? Three things that
materially change the picture. Poly
market 35% ceasefire by March 31st. Real
money confirming your extended thesis.
This is the most objective data point we
have.
Dubai
US consulate hit by Iranian drone.
Interesting. So, let's go ahead here and
go to the poly market here,
February 28th.
So yes,
March 31st by the end of the month,
there's only a 16% chance right now.
Oh, regime fall. Sorry. Uh, what is she
looking at here? Let's go to Poly Market
here.
US Iran ceasefire.
March 6. No. March 15th. No. These are
free trades. It's a free trade right
here. These are free trades. Yeah, this
actually might be the trade I'm looking
at. These are free trades, dude. Because
based off of our research here, based of
our research here, this is a free trade.
And if you've been here for the whole
time, you understand why, right? And
it's for this note here. Keep an eye on
who becomes the next Supreme Leader in
Iran because nothing can be solved until
that is true.
Okay, so that's actually humongous. the
humongous in my book.
So if nothing truly can be solved until
there's a new Iranian leader,
doesn't that make the trade pretty much
free on poly market, the US times Iran
ceasefire? Because there's no way in
hell that they figure out a new leader
for Iran by March 31st,
let alone figure out this whole war,
right? Because first they have to figure
out a new leader cuz the other one got
smoked.
Now they have to go ahead figure out
that leader and then go ahead and
negotiate with a terrorist which is our
president. Is that true?
I'm just looking at this poly market.
March 31st has a 61 or 40 a 61% chance
it's not going to be it's not going to
work. Yeah, I might I might go uh Yeah,
that's interesting. Go ahead and just
tell me about that. Short, concise,
because I just freaking ramble to these
AIs, dude. I just rambled to the AIS.
Damn, this is crazy. This is fun, dude.
I not fun for the people that getting
smoked, but the war trade four symbols,
one thesis. The single thesis is the
straight of hormones is physically
close. Poly market puts a 35% odds of
ceasefire by March March 31st. A second
ship is burning RN and Iran just hit
Dubai, the Dubai US consulate. This does
not resolve in days. Everything flows
from one fact. Long oil, the purest,
most mechanical trade, not sentiment.
Actual barrels are stuck.
Long gold, long BTC. Yeah, your logic is
structurally sound. Here's why. The poly
market, no ceasefire. March 31st trade.
The sequencing problem is real and it's
the key insight. Before any ceasefire
can happen, Iran needs to pick a new
supreme leader.
have that leader consolidate enough
internal power to actually speak for the
IRGC,
then open back channel negotiations,
then reach terms, then verify
compliance. That's not a 27-day process.
That's a monthsl long process minimum.
Camille's son, Mojpa, is a 57% chance of
Poly Market to be the successor. But
even if he's chosen tomorrow, he has
zero established authority over the IRGC
commanders who actually are running the
war right now. Meanwhile, the US side,
Trump, publicly rejected Iran's back
channel today, and Israel is launching
new strikes on tan as we speak. Neither
side is in a let's pause posture.
There's both escalating. They're both
escalating. So the 61% no on March 31st
ceasefire is arguably underpriced. The
structural logic says it should be
closer to 80 to 85% no. The only
scenario where it resolves by March 31st
is if Trump unilaterally declares
victory and stops bombing, which he
could do. He's unpredictable. But even
then, the HRO's closure is Iran's card
to play. And without a recognized
Iranian government to negotiate with,
there's no one to formally reopen it.
The trade, if you can buy, no,
at 61 cents on the dollar, you're
getting 39 cents of risk premium on
something that structurally has maybe a
15 to 20% probability resolving. That's
the edge. Just size it knowing Trump is
the wild card. He could tweet something
tomorrow that moves the market 20 points
against you overnight. pure, but on pure
logic, you're right. The sequencing
alone
makes March 31st near impossible. All
right. I mean, I like that one. I like a
couple of these. I can't tell you which
ones I like, but damn.
I can't tell you. I'm not a financial
advisor.
I like this one cuz But but but
orange man is the wild card.
And he he's Bowser, bro. He's Bowser.
So, just be careful with that. Okay, one
last thing. One last thing. One last
thing. One last thing. I know we're in
this research long long time here and I
got to take a whiz. One last thing. All
right, Mundav. Here's the breakdown. The
hormonal situation. Is this it?
Where did I put that?
It's not it.
Okay. Am I tripping? This is the one.
This is the last one. Last one here and
then I'm gonna get to the chat. Answer
all chat.
You're not tripping, Mundev. Look at
what you're seeing. CL1 oil 73.8 ripped
from 55 to 78. Massive move sitting near
highs right now. That's a 40% move. Nat
Gas saying at the bottom of its range.
It spiked to 740, crashed all the way
back down and it's just sitting there.
But here's the thing, and here's the
thing. That headline on your chart
literally says UK natural gas features
70% rally in the news ticker. So the UK
net gas is already moving. US NAT gas
hasn't caught up yet. Now later on with
the API told us 63% short on Hyperlid.
Zero liquidations in 24 hours. Nobody is
positioned for a move up. Oil went from
55 to 78. Matt Gas is at still 293 which
is the low. Same energy complex, same
geopolitical drivers. One already moved,
one hasn't. You're not tripping. You
might be early on to something. The
chart is confirming exactly what the
data said. That gas is lagging hard and
the crowd is short. Whether it catches
up is the trade, but the setup is there.
We have so much alpha to discuss now in
the chat. If you're not in the live
Zoom, you don't get the chat. I'm sorry.
I have so many intelligent traders,
engineers, and quants in this chat every
single day. That's why my year five is
your year 15. I'm sorry. You're never
going to catch up. If you don't lock in
every single day to this Zoom chat, you
will never catch up. I've been here for
five years doing exactly this, exactly
what you've seen me do today. I'm either
researching new ideas or back testing
those ideas to see if they work in the
past or incubating into bots. I got a
ton of bots running. We haven't even got
to yet today, dude. But if you want to
hear the alpha that's about to come out
of this chat section, you better get in
the Zoom because that's it for you,
dude. Every single day, lock